Hey, good morning family.
Well, we're going to take communion today.
I have some stuff on my heart to talk to you all about.
He said to me, 'During this great revival that's about to take place, you are about to see something that you've never seen before.
' When I was praying into the harvest, he showed me the glory cloud again.
And he said, 'Brandon, you will see the glory cloud, but it won't happen very often.
' He said, 'That's something that I did in the past.
' But he said, 'Behold, I'm going to do all things new.
I am going to bring forth new rivers, new oases in the desert.
' He said, 'There will be in the days ahead.
' Listen to me.
This will bless you.
In the days ahead, a great refreshing is coming to the ones that are dry.
A great river is coming.
And he showed me, he said, 'Brandon, whenever the healing revival and the tent revival started with Jack Coe and Oral Roberts and William Brandon and all them, they would pray for people—and A.
A.
Allen, they would pray for people—and you didn't see anybody falling out like they do now with the courtesy falls.
A lot of people fall out.
You see a lot of that stuff and you wonder, 'Is this performance or is it authentic?
' I have experienced the authentic.
But whenever we first saw the healing movement of the tent revival, you didn't see anybody falling in those tents.
I didn't, at least.
And when I watch the old revival, I go through and watch the old videos on YouTube that started with Kathryn Kuhlman.
It looked like—from what I understand, from what I'm trying to pinpoint—and correct me if I'm wrong, any of you elders, if you saw people fall out in tent revivals, then I'm wrong.
But the Lord showed me that that really started to take off during Kathryn Kuhlman and Benny Hinn and some of the others.
And now it happens all the time; you see them pray for people, people fall out.
And it was a wave, and then it was the holy laughter and the shaking, and all that happened with Rodney Howard-Browne, and that happened a lot in the '90s.
Then it went into the early 2000s and so on, right?
So the Lord showed me, he said, 'Behold, I'm going to do something new.
' And I had an open-eyed vision, and he said, 'Brandon, I saw the glory cloud come in.
' But he said, 'What is going to happen with this last outpouring, this last push?
' He said, 'I'm going to do something that you've never seen before.
You need to start to think bigger, for what has been in the past will be something—I'm going to do something new.
' And I saw this blonde-headed woman.
And I saw some other people come down to the front of his meetings.
And a tangible wind of the spirit of the Lord came in like a mighty rushing wind with cloven tongues of fire like it was in Acts chapter 2.
And I'm talking—there's no way to explain what I saw; it doesn't make any sense.
I saw wind blowing these women's hair like a whirlwind, and it was whipping their hair around and their clothes, and they actually could feel the wind of the spirit on them and they fell out that way.
I saw a wind as you went.
It was like the power of the Holy Spirit.
It was like moving your hand, and I saw the glory moving in the atmosphere, and people could feel the wind of the Holy Spirit in the auditorium.
And as the wind of the Holy Spirit moved through the auditorium, people were getting healed and their hair was actually tangibly moving.
And the Lord said, 'You've never seen what I'm about to do in these last days.
' He said that before, when people would fall out, you had the people in the audience saying, 'Is that real?
Is that real?
' with the holy laughter, if they're not experienced.
But when you feel a tangible move of the Holy Spirit on you—like the glory cloud, everybody could sense it in Azusa Street.
The glory cloud—they said they played with it as kids; it was a tangible, thick fog.
And it even talks about it in the Bible; it filled the Holy of Holies.
But the Lord said to me, 'I'm going to do something new and it will be a refreshing, for my fragrance will fill the atmosphere whenever people are ministering.
' He said, 'You will tangibly smell my fragrance, for I carry a fragrance.
' And it was a refreshing.
When people breathe in this fragrance, the Lord said it will be like something you've never smelled—like heaven on earth.
Breathing in, and you'll be physically healed.
It will be a wind of the spirit.
I saw people being touched by the Shekinah glory in a different way than we've ever seen before.
He's going to do something like we've never seen before.
And I saw the wind whipping around people's hair and it was moving on them and they were being refreshed.
And old wineskins that had turned into vinegar turned into new wine.
A new fragrance, a new presence of the Lord will be like an oasis in the days ahead on people in major services.
And I'm telling you, they're coming from the north; I'm telling you, they're coming from the south; they're coming from the east; they're coming from the west.
People are hungry and they're desperate for a move of God.
They're desperate for a fresh touch from the Lord.
And I'm telling you, he said, 'My yoke is easy and my burden is light.
Come unto me all ye that are heavy laden and I will give you rest.
' Do you understand what God is about to do?
We've never seen it in generations past.
We're going to see a fresh touch of the fire of the Holy Spirit on every single person who is thirsty.
Those that are hungry, he said he's going to give you fresh meat.
Something new and tangible is coming and he's looking for an 'all hands on deck' experience who will just say yes.
He said he would pour out his spirit upon all flesh.
And I believe right now we are at that place where he said, 'Brandon, it's time to become more active in fasting.
It's time to become more in line with prayer and fasting.
Pray and fast.
Seek me daily and you will find me.
' I said, 'Lord, I need a fresh touch.
' Give me that living water and let it overflow.
Not ministering to people out of your reserves, but ministering to my people out of the overflow of your heart.
Out of the overflow to the extreme, to the full, until it overflows—out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
And he told me, he said, 'That will come through fasting and prayer, seeking me daily, and you will find me.
' And out of this personal, more intimate relationship with me will become a greater overflow out of you for the people.
But you'll not get there until you have intimacy even on a greater level with me.
There's many of my ministers, he said, that are trying to minister out of their reserves.
And many of them are ministering in a dry place.
But he said, 'I want you to drink from my river.
Drink from the well that never shall run dry.
' Do you understand?
'Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
' That's where he's at.
And he told me, he said, 'He's uncapping those wells of revival.
' And I told you what I saw about ORU and about what he's going to do with the students there on the ORU campus.
And he said, 'I'm going to bring forth a great and mighty revival with this young generation, and it will be through the Mabee Center.
And I'm going to fill that Mabee Center up.
' And I'm telling you, it's not going to be a convenient move with people.
It's time for my bedtime.
We've seen it at our church.
And people—we had probably five or six families that stayed, and the rest of the congregation left because it got too late for them.
How desperate are you?
How hungry?
How thirsty are you?
How desperate?
Blessed are those that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they will be filled.
I tell you this because it's so important that you shake off the old you and get ready for what God is about to do.
When you experience the true healing flow of the river of the Holy Spirit, there's no time.
You can be there all night.
Give me an alarm code; I'll turn it on.
Give me a key; I did that for years.
I just want to sit at the feet of Jesus.
Who cares about anything else?
There's nothing else in this earth that I want other than to be a Holy Ghost junkie, you know.
But I don't want to be addicted to a movement and not see people's lives changed.
If we get a fresh drink—if we get it—we don't want to be Holy Ghost crack addicts and not get changed, letting it change us where we're getting a Holy Ghost high every time we come in there and we're not taking it out and dumping it out on the nations.
You can either let it change you, or you can be a Holy Ghost crack addict and come from one high to another high to another high and you don't do anything with it.
He's not touching you so you can just have your Holy Ghost goosebumps, take it home and don't change, and then you come back the next week and you have to be resurrected spiritually because you're spiritually dead again because you didn't take a day-to-day relationship with the Father.
You only got a Holy Ghost infilling on Sunday, but the rest of the week you lived like hell.
The Lord wants you to come unto him and be filled and controlled by the Holy Spirit every single day of your life to the overflow.
He's touching you with the Holy Ghost and fire so that you can take it to the generation that's dying and thirsty.
They need a fresh touch from Jesus, and he wants to give it to you so you can give it to them.
Let your life be a light that shines unto all men, women, children, whoever.
Let it flow up out of you, out of that river.
But you look like you have to be raised from the dead when you come on Sunday because you've gone through and you haven't had intimacy with him all week.
There's something more, and there's something wrong with a lot of it.
I look at it and say, 'Man, I don't want to be the 25%.
I want to be sitting at his feet.
I'm desperate for him.
I need a fresh touch from God.
' And what we're about to see, 'If I be lifted up,' he said, 'I will draw all men unto me.
' Who cares about popularity?
Who cares about the finances?
I do not care about how much money I'm going to get in the days ahead from investments.
So what?
What is it there for?
What did he do it for you for?
It wasn't for you to be stupid with it; it's so that you can help further the kingdom.
Do you understand?
He's coming.
I've told you a thousand times, and there's so many of you that still don't get it.
Ladies and gentlemen, the King is standing at the door.
The King is coming.
Do you understand?
He's coming.
We're about to see signs in the heavens.
We're about to see signs in the earth.
It's not funny; it's serious.
We're about to see some things that are going to shake to awake.
But are you going to be there with the catcher's mitts ready to receive the people when they're coming in and they're dry and they're thirsty and they're going, 'Man, I need somebody to help me'?
Are you going to be the one that says come?
Are you going to be the one that has the fire to say, 'I know the way.
I know you're desperate.
I know you're hurting, but I know a Jesus that will take care of all that for you if you just bow your knee to him and worship him today'?
Does that make sense?
It's going to take a person that's sold out, that's not worried about a time clock, about convenience.
A revival, an awakening, is not going to be convenient for a lot of you.
'Well, I didn't get to watch Friends today' or whatever.
I don't know, whatever the latest thing is—probably not that.
'I didn't get to watch my whatever.
I need to go home, and I'd like to have my latte.
' I'm talking about sold out.
Are you sold out for Jesus today?
Are you sold out?
I have to tell you, it's time to just get to that point where you're just desperate, where there's nothing else that matters.
I'm just saying I got so excited when I saw what he's about to do.
When I saw all the people that were so broken and so downcast get a fresh touch from Jesus and see their faces changed by the power of the Holy Spirit.
When you see that heaviness, and they feel that they're so lost, and then they finally have hope—that's what it's all about, showing them the way for what's about to come.
Yeah, I've seen some dark things, darker than most, but I'm so focused on him.
I want to be so precise that I don't miss anything that he has for me.
I do not want to miss anything, and I will lack no good thing that he has for me.
I said, 'Man, yes, there's a lot of pressure with leading this, but I will tell you this: there's nothing that can compare to sitting at his feet after you fast and you get in that vein.
' And you go, 'What is it that is so easy?
' Just denying the flesh, taking up the cross, and following him through inconvenience for hunger, inconvenience for what's convenient.
I told my wife, we were talking about it, she said, 'Brandon, we're so desperate.
We're so thirsty.
We're so hungry for what he's about to do.
' I want to be right in the center of it.
I want to be on the front row of what he's doing and just sit there and soak it up.
You know, fill my cup, Lord.
I'm excited for what's coming, y'all.
I have an anticipation for what I saw with the glorious outpouring of what he's about to do.
A new thing, a new thing is coming.
And excitement should be inside of you.
Anticipation.
Expectation will bring the manifestation of what you're believing God for.
Expect God to do something big in your life.
And whenever he does it, get ready to share it with your neighbor and tell everyone around you what God has done.
He doesn't heal you just to heal you.
He doesn't bring finances just so you can hoard it up.
He does things in your life supernaturally to heal your body, to touch you, so that you can do something to tell people about what he's done.
Look at the lepers.
There was only one that came back to give Jesus thanks and say thank you.
How many of you, whenever he touches your life for what you've been believing for all this time, will not go and give God the praise for what he's done?
God, I worship you.
Lord, you are good and your mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
He is worthy of all our praise.
He is worthy of all our everything.
God, you are so good and we just want to say thank you.
Don't be the leper that doesn't come back and tell Jesus thank you.
And don't be a doubting Thomas that—if Jesus was healing the sick today for what I'm seeing coming, would he tell you to leave the room because you have no faith to believe for what's about to take place?
He'll have to bypass you and say, 'Listen, sister so-and-so, we need you to step outside because your faith is dampening the atmosphere.
' Or would he say, 'You can stay because we know you know how to tug along and believe for big like he did at Jairus's house'?
I refuse to be one that Jesus would have to say, 'Please leave the room.
' I just want to be with him and say, 'Well done, thy good and faithful servant, Brandon.
' You're doing it.
You believe me for—I stagger not at the promise of God through unbelief, but am strong in faith, giving glory to God, being fully persuaded that what God has promised he's able also to perform it—that he's given one last call, ladies and gentlemen, for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
So we pray right now and we're going to lift up our president.
We're going to lift up these meetings and we're going to give God praise for what he's about to do, ladies and gentlemen, in this earth.
For it will be like waters covering the sea.
It will be a Holy Ghost revival throughout this whole world and then the end will come.
I'm telling you, a major outpouring.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for you're going to give drink to the thirsty.
You're going to give bread to the hungry.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for those that are dry and thirsty that we come unto you.
And we're not going to just do it and have a Holy Ghost shake out, but we're going to get filled and we're going to dump it all over those around us.
Father, I know you touch those around us so that we can touch the nations for you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a Holy Ghost Woodstock and fire Woodstock, that there will be fields of people throughout the whole United States of America filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost and a mighty rushing wind will fill them with cloven tongues of fire.
There will be a mighty outpouring of the spirit of the Lord that will be something that we've never seen before, and it will be something that touches the nations in a mighty Holy Ghost Woodstock.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for touching every single person that is represented here today.
That you would bring them a fresh fire.
You would bring a fresh anointing on their life.
That Father, from the top of their head to the soles of their feet, they're filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
They're stirred right now that they break off the bondage of despair, depression, and anxiety.
And they come up higher with the fire in the name of Jesus.
They shake off the beggar's cloak, they get excited and they stir themselves up by praying in the spirit and by reading their Bible.
They get in that living river of water and they get themselves stirred up and they're getting on fire for Jesus.
For the dry and the thirsty are looking for something that is authentic and real.
Will we have it to take to them?
They don't want dried up, dead, dirty old religion, but they want something that's fresh and new.
That's why they stay away from the churches and they're leaving the churches by the millions because they're tired of religion.
They want a relationship.
And Father, we call forth a fresh relationship today.
Father, you said that those that seek me will find me.
Those that knock, the door will be open unto them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every single person today on this platform is seeking you and they will find you.
For the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who's perfect toward him.
Let your eyes rest upon me, oh God.
Let your eyes not have to wander throughout the whole earth anymore because you found your man.
You found your woman today.
We're hungry, thirsty, and desperate.
We need a fresh touch.
We need a fresh drink.
We want to be at the spout where the glory comes out.
Let us be your vessel that goes throughout all the earth and sets the captives free by the blood of the lamb and by the word of our testimony, telling the people that Jesus Christ is alive and he's risen from the dead and he is seated at the right hand of the Father.
He is not just some pathetic Jesus that was, but he's alive and he is the I Am that I Am, and he is delivering the people because Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And he's healing the sick today if you believe him for it.
He's delivering people today if you believe him for it.
All you have to do is reach out with simple faith and believe that all things are possible to him who believes.
How bad do you want change in your life?
I'm desperate for a move of God.
I am hungry for a mighty move of God.
Let the wind of his spirit flow on me like he did once before in the past.
I don't want to live in the past.
I don't want what I had back then.
I want a fresh touch for today.
I don't want that new wine that was inside of me becoming vinegar and old.
I want a fresh Holy Ghost and fire on my life today.
Being seated at his feet at that throne saying, 'Jesus, touch me one more time.
Give me a fresh drink, Lord.
I need one more touch.
' How desperate are you for a touch from Jesus today?
I'm passionate about it because I've been at the bottom and think, 'Man, if I could just have somebody give me a fresh drink, help me to get to that river, teach me how to get there.
' And I found it.
I have a relationship with Jesus and he visits me.
And I want you to have a relationship with Jesus and he'll visit you.
For he is no respecter of persons, but he is a respecter of faith and he is a respecter of those that diligently seek him.
He's not going to—it's like if you're just lazy and just like, 'I don't care,' then that's what you'll get.
But those that are desperate and those that are thirsty and those that are hungry and you say, 'I'm desperate.
I'm hungry.
I need a fresh touch.
I need more of it.
I need more of you, Lord.
' How much more fire do you need?
How much more do you need of the Holy Spirit in these last days to say, 'Jesus, I don't want to live like this anymore.
I'm trying to shake you inside.
' How bad do you want change in your life today, ladies and gentlemen?
It's at his feet.
It's at this communion.
And it's not hard.
He made it so that a little child can come to him, a little 5-year-old girl like my little girl that goes to him and says, 'Father, I just want to know you.
' He didn't say, 'Come to him as spiritual adults.
' He said, 'Come to him as children.
' So I come to him as a child.
Simple.
Father, it's like a little child has a broken toy.
'Dad, I've got a broken this or that.
Fix it.
' Not sophisticated, just simple.
Father, I'm broken.
I need a fresh touch today.
I need fresh strength today.
I need more.
I need a fresh wind.
And I pray for that fresh fire on you today.
I pray for a fresh drink for you today.
Fill their cup, Lord.
They lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed us till we want no more.
Fill our cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
Father, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we're healed.
And Lord, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you've healed us.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that every sickness, every disease is part of the curse.
And Galatians, that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're healed from the top of our head to the soles of our feet today.
And we thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us.
We thank you, Lord, for your fresh touch today.
We thank you, Lord, that we can come unto you and you said you'd give us rest.
I take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
Now, Lord, we thank you for the blood and we apply the blood over our sins.
We apply—you said, if you confess your sins, you're faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
So, Father, I know there's some days I'm a rascal and I need to repent of those things.
And Father, I thank you, Lord.
You see it.
Forgive me, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that I'm able to come to you and be bold because of this blood.
And we lift up the cup of the covenant before you, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
And we enter in by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
Jesus set me free.
Jesus set you free.
And we are no longer—all that sin is washed away.
And behold, I make all things new.
That's what the Bible says.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord.
We take this blood right now in the name of Jesus and we apply it to our lives.
We apply it to our marriages.
We apply it to our children.
We apply it to all that is around us.
I apply the blood of Jesus.
And when we make much of the blood, the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus.
And we say, 'Thus far, Satan, and no further.
You'll not cross the bloodline.
No witchcraft, no incantations, no chants, no voodoo, no spiritual nothing, no witchcraft of any kind will come nigh us.
' Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
It falls to our feet; it will not bear fruit on us.
A curse without a cause cannot stand.
And we plead the blood, Father, that there's no cause.
There is no cause for a curse.
We apply the blood in Jesus' name.
Take it.
Thank you, Father.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, for President Trump in this meeting with Bibi.
And we thank you, Father, that they have wisdom, that Trump would have wisdom.
And there is a Jonathan-David relationship coming up out of this like never before.
There will be a flow with this relationship.
And we thank you, Father, that you've called him for the Kingdom for such a time as this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there are divine friendships and relationships that are being brought up.
And Father, financial blessing will come over America like a big mighty waterfall.
And God, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
We call people healed.
We call people whole.
We call people well.
We thank you, Lord, that their marriages are restored.
Their children are coming home.
We call the blinders off of their eyes right now in the name of Jesus.
We say, Satan, take your hands off of their eyes in Jesus' name.
Father, you said in the word that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
So we say in the name of Jesus to take your hands off of their eyes in Jesus' name and that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened today.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it, Father, for the unsaved loved ones are coming home.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, for your mercy.
We thank you, Lord, for how good you are.
For you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Lord, we thank you.
We thank you, Lord, for we make much of the blood.
Lord, we apply the blood of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
If you know how to—if you're baptized in the Holy Ghost, you can pray with me.
But I feel a river to pray, so you can pray, too.
For now, we call forth the revival.
We call forth a mighty Holy Ghost revival over this nation and around the world in a move of the Spirit like we've never seen before.
We're calling it in in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the leaders would get their hearts ready for what's about to take place in the earth.
For a mighty move of the presence of the Lord is coming like a mighty wave one last time.
And Lord, we thank you that we're a part of it in Jesus' name.
We give you praise and glory and honor for it in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord, that you're exposing the rat in the White House.
You're exposing the terrorist cells in America.
We pray over Cuba, Father, for an alignment of a glory outpouring over Cuba.
Father, over Europe, Father, we take authority over the virus—all the plans they have to try to do this virus and try to kill, steal, and destroy.
We bind it back in the name of Jesus and it will not happen.
Father, I thank you.
I know what you said that it would happen in the word later on.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have more reprieve.
Father, bring in the lost.
Father, we don't want to see a third of the people die right now, Lord.
I know that there's certain things that will take place and there's certain things that will not stop because it's part of the end times.
But Father, I thank you, Lord.
Even if it were, Father, in the natural, it will not touch us.
We will not be afraid of this.
It will not touch our homes, Father, because we're underneath that shelter of the Most High.
We're underneath the shadow of the Almighty.
We believe, Father, that you are a great defender, our protector, and the name of the Lord is a strong tower and the righteous run into it and they are safe.
We believe, Father, that we walk by that divine Holy Ghost covering like that Holy Ghost glow like honey—the Holy Ghost honey.
Father, your Holy Ghost honey is over us.
It's the anointing of the Holy Spirit and you protect us, Father.
And we believe we receive that divine protection in the name of Jesus.
And everyone say, 'Amen and amen.
' I know this video is going on over an hour, but I want you to be encouraged today.
I want you to lift up your countenance to him and be excited that Jesus is going to do one last major push and we're going to see things we've never seen before.
Well, if you're new here and you've never watched one of our videos, I appreciate you coming.
I hope it blessed you.
Please like it, subscribe if you haven't subscribed, click the notification bell, click the thumbs up—do all the things to help us with the algorithm.
We appreciate you helping us get the gospel out.
If you're new here, you don't know about our Spanish channel, our Chinese channel, our South Korean channel, our Vietnam channel—all the channels that we have are translated for you with AI technology.
Amazing what my son and my wife are doing.
And we're excited that God is—we're getting the gospel spread out throughout the whole world.
So, we're excited for you.
If you want to watch those channels, they're there.
Thank you for subscribing.
Thank you for being a part of this, and we will continue to keep fanning the flame.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we will see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.